AWS ALB Ingress Controller renamed to AWS Load Balancer Controller (#24777)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers.md

  controller with [community](https://www.getambassador.io/docs) or 
  [commercial](https://www.getambassador.io/pro/) support from [Datawire](https://www.datawire.io/).
* [AppsCode Inc.](https://appscode.com) offers support and maintenance for the most widely used [HAProxy](https://www.haproxy.org/) based ingress controller [Voyager](https://appscode.com/products/voyager). 

> * [AWS Load Balancer Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller) (formerly known as AWS ALB Ingress Controller) enables ingress using the [AWS Application Load Balancer](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AWS Load Balancer Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller) (formerly known as AWS ALB Ingress Controller) enables ingress using the [AWS Elastic Load Balancing](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/).
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @chlunde . Thanks for opening this pull request.
The changes look good.
What do you think about incorporating this suggestion?
